hey su G and with recent one point 10
patch update for grand theft auto 5
online we have new money glitches and RP
glitches out and this one in particular
is an unlimited RP glitch which is
extremely useful before we do get
stirred with this tutorial I would
really appreciate it if you guys take
your time out not subscribe and click
the like button for more GTA 5 online
content and as always guys thank you so
what you're gonna need for this glitch
is a friend and at least one bike in the
bike rack in your garage you want to
style in front of your apartment garage
and this works for any apartment now we
need to have your friend plan a minimum
of two sticky bombs at the garage
entrance once your friend does that
enter your garage once inside of your
garage you want to drive your most
expensive car you have outside it's the
most expensive car you use for this
clutch the more money you're going to
make and I believe that adder is the
most expensive conjugate when fully mags
you guys can see me drive out my max
down adder once you're outside you want
to hop out out of the car and have your
friend go inside the car and drive it
far enough away from the garage to the
sticky bombs won't blow it up then you
want to go back inside and run all the
way down to your bike rack walk up to it
and then press right on the d-pad and
then accept the message the pops up once
you drive out of the garage wait until
you meet Lee go over the sticky bombs
then tell your friend to detonate the
bomb is killing you make sure you tell
tell them that Thun ate them too early
or else you won't die also as a quick
tip to prevent your friend getting
kicked out of your personal vehicle when
you die have them drive slightly when
they detonated bombs now once you spawn
in have a friend drive your car back to
you in that point you want to drive your
car all the way down to Los Santos
customs once you're there and inside you
can now sell your car for a huge amount
of money which is over seven hundred
thousand dollars just for my adder once
the car is sold you want to pull out
your phone and then call your mechanic
and request the car you just sold which
in my case was my adder the car should
then spawn nearby and then you can pay
all these steps for limited money I do
want to mention that after your first
try when you go to sell your car
afterwards you only make about a hundred
thousand or so I'm not exactly sure why
this happens but still
fairly decent mount of money nonetheless
and it can be done a little bit amount
of times or if you want to make more
than that Trey doing this glitch with
your expensive cars like the cheetah
entity and so on so that's it for this
video and I hope you did enjoy this
video and trying to get that lb
Roosevelt or just getting more money in
general you don't really appreciate it
if you guys click the like button and
subscribe future gt5 constant no see you
guys later